Add interactive chips (#4169)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/upgrade-guide-v3.md

The `vf-p-label` mixin has been removed so you'll have to remove this from your code, along with `vf-p-label-new`, `vf-p-label-updated`, `vf-p-label-deprecated`, `vf-p-label-in-progress` and `vf-p-label-validated`.

## Chips

> By default chips are not interactive anymore (they don't have hover, focus or active state). To make chip interactive you should use `<button class="p-chip">` instead of `<span class="p-chip">`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, chips are not interactive anymore (they don't have hover, focus or active state). Apply the class to a button element to get interactive behaviour, e.g.: `<button class="p-chip">` instead of `<span class="p-chip">`.
```
